Hey guys!

My name is Nitin Augustine and I am currently pursuing my masters in Automotive Production Engineering at Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt. I did my bachelors in Mechanical Engineering from National Institute of Technology Calicut, India and worked for couple of years as Design Engineer at a leading motorcycle manufacturing firm. During this time, I realized my passion for analyzing data and the mathematics behind it. When I decided to pursue my Masters in APE, I decided to use my experience in manufacturing industry and augment my skills in data science to generate meaningful business value.

I have worked on couple of projects especially in regard with data preparation and exploration for a predictive maintenance scenario at Valeo GmbH. I have played around with classification algorithms(Random Forest, XgBoost, LSTM ..etc) and also experimented with various hyperparameter tuning frameworks. Now I am working on the investigation of robustness of image segmenation and detection algorithms like YOLO, FCN etc against noise generated by particles on image sensor of front camera modules during production. 

For many who has a background different from Computer Science (like me!!), I would love to help you guys get started in the field. I would like to share some common mistakes, thoughts and interpretations of concepts in this field. Artificial Intelligence is an extremely interesting field where you can use the knowledge that you possess in any domain and create useful insights.

Thank you for your time!
